[AGENTRUN-230] Add support for a fips_mode value that will add the -fips image tagSuffix (#1835)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/CHANGELOG.md

# Datadog changelog

## 3.111.1

> * Add a `fips_mode` value that will use add a `-fips` suffix to agent and DCA image tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a new parameter `useFIPSAgent` that will add the `-fips` suffix to agent and DCA image tags.
```

Reviewer 2: Good point! I rephrased it `Add a new parameter useFIPSAgent to use FIPS-compliant images for the Agent and DCA.` in 80421587aa38327bfe5c0035c01f1b34d7f64a9f.
